Every people on all over the world like travel. Its oldest kind of resting people are contrive many ways of travelling by car, bus, ship, plane, aeronautic, on foots. And many other ways.

But the oldest one is to travel on foots.

My live is not so long. But I travel all of this way . Each of this kind of travel good by its own way. To travel on your own foots for example kind when you may take care about you health because you can go every there, in mountains, forest look in a beautiful views, breathe with clear saturation ozone air. Sitting near fire and listening animals, nature and guitar.

Travelling lets people to meet the places of interest on over the world. Try different foods, listening to different music. And in general to know many more about countries.

You can do it. Make your choice. Which kind of travelling do you choose its no so important.
Every language has different kinds of variants geographical or territorial, perhaps the most obvious stylistic variation reflects the differences between the written and the spoken form of the standard national language in the given region and others.

I am going to tell you about Standard English.

Notwithstanding, English is the national and state language of England proper, the USA, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, South Africa and some African countries in those countries, except England, this language appears in its different variants.

And some differences are obvious, especially from the grammatical and phonetic points of view.

It is the official language of Wales, Scotland and Ireland and on the island of Malta.

Modern linguistics distinguishes territorial variants of a national language and local dialects.

Variants of a language are regional varieties of standard literary language, characterized by some minor peculiarities in the sound system, vocabulary and grammar and by their own literary norms.

Standard English is the official language of Great Britain, taught at schools and universities, used by the press, radio and television and spoken by educated people.

It may be defined as current and literary form of English, substantially uniform and recognized as acceptable wherever English is spoken or understood.
